Privacy Policy for Good Morning News

Last updated: 08/03/23

Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at SubDev ("Company", "we", "us", or "our"). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at b3arhunter@yahoo.com.

When you visit our mobile application, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue the use of our app and our services.

1. What Information Do We Collect?

We do not collect any personal data or information from our users. The app operates without any server-side functionality, and all data remains on the user's device.

2. How Do We Use Your Information?

Since we do not collect any personal information, we do not use your information in any way.

3. Will Your Information Be Shared With Anyone?

No. We do not collect, store, or share any personal data.

4. How Long Do We Keep Your Information?

We do not collect any personal information, so there's no information to retain.

5. How Do We Keep Your Information Safe?

All data related to the app remains on your device and is not shared or transmitted.

6. Do We Collect Information From Minors?

We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age.

7. Privacy Policy Updates

We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible.

8. How Can You Contact Us About This Policy?

If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at b3arhunter@yahoo.com or by post to:

SubDev
